# Cloud Manager

This desktop application allows you to use cloud storage services (such as Google Cloud, Yandex Disk, etc.). Our project provides convenient structuring of photos, videos, and textual information.

## Features

1. **Efficient search** for information by day, month, or year across different cloud storage services.
2. Convenient **user activity display** in the form of:

    ```bash
    .
    ├── 2023-04-21/
    │   ├── README.md
    │   └── may_in_China.mp4
    └── 2023-04-17/
        ├── sprites_for_game.png
        └── game/
            ├── idea.txt
            └── .git
    ```

3. **Structuring and previewing the day**, with the ability to stand out in a company (using it as a vlog) through a file generated by a neural network but edited by the user, `+preview.md`.
4. **Sorting and filtering data** across multiple cloud storage services.
5. **Adding tags and descriptions** to the data uploaded to the service.
6. **Personal Assistant** (in the form of a neural network built on `Ollama`), leveraging images, tags, text, and videos, to search for information in your storages.

## Our Platform

- [Windows desktop](http://localhost:8080/install)
- [Web site](http://localhost:8080/)

## Technical Implementation

### Folder Manager

| Folder Name | Description                                        |
|-------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| `core`      | Core functionalities and logic of the application. |
| `desktop`   | Desktop-specific implementation and UI.            |
| `web`       | Web-specific implementation and UI.                |

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! If you would like to contribute to CloudLoader, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

CloudLoader is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
